In order to create an immersive virtual reality experience, it is required as
a baseline by systems such as steamvr that the player's head and hands are
both tracked in 3d space, as well as tracking rotation using gyro sensors.
I'm not going to go into too much detail about how the hardware works, but
all you need to know for now is that it's expensive and gets precision down to
about a milimeter, with sample rates around 60hz. Using the internal IMU,
sample rates can be increased to the kilohertz range.

This is sufficient for most applications, since the 6dof tracking on the head 
can prevent motion sickness and the same allows you to interact very naturally
with objects.

However, in some situations we want to have our character possess a body, 
in order that other people can shoot at it, or for various other reasons.

Elbows are not tracked in most current systems, and interpolating them from
hand position and rotation is not necessarily very accurate, but works in 
the vast majority of cases. 

The chest and lower body can also be estimated, but this is more often
a problem than with elbows. You can see here why estimating foot position
may be difficult.

Unfortunately, additional trackers for steamvr are very expensive. If your
headset uses inside-out tracking, you will need to buy base stations as well.

The priority for tracking goes as follows: 
Head, Hands, Feet, Hips, elbows/knees. To fully track someone you'll also want
finger tracking, which like most of these is outside the scope of this project.
Bonus points for facial tracking, which is I'm sure something Meta 
are interested in.


For this project, what I want to do is determine the feasibility of tracking
feet in 2d space (along the floor, so no vertical movement) using inexpensive
microphones and external audio cards. 

To do this requires measuring distances between a microphone and two fixed
points. For the first prototype, I'll only want to track one microphone in 
relation to from one point. The second prototype will involve tracking it from
two points, and this along with some simple trigonometry will let me 
